IPIP-379: Delegated IPNS HTTP API (#379)
ipfs/specs: IPIP/0337-delegated-routing-http-api.md

So this API proposal makes the following changes:

- The Delegated Content Routing API is defined using HTTP semantics, and can be implemented without introducing Reframe concepts nor IPLD

> - There is a clear distinction between the RPC protocol (HTTP) and the API (Delegated Content Routing)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There is a clear distinction between the [Kubo RPC](https://docs.ipfs.tech/reference/kubo/rpc/)  and the vendor-agnostic Routing V1 HTTP API (introduced in [IPIP-377](https://specs.ipfs.tech/ipips/ipip-0337/).
```
